README.md, before:

# cilium_ingress_k3s_vagrant_libvirt_ansibl

Vagrant-libvirt setup that creates a VM with [k3s](https://k3s.io) and
[Cilium](https://cilium.io) as the CNI.

Cilium is also used as the standard ingress controller, i.e. Traefik is not used
in this scenario.

Default OS is openSUSE Leap 15.6, but that can be changed in the Vagrantfile.
Please be aware, that this might break the Ansible provisioning.

## Vagrant

1. You need `vagrant`, obviously. And `git`. And Ansible...
1. Fetch the box, per default this is `opensuse/Leap-15.6.x86_64`, using
   `vagrant box add opensuse/Leap-15.6.x86_64`.
1. Make sure the git submodules are fully working by issuing
   `git submodule init && git submodule update`
1. Run `vagrant up`
1. Run `kubectl --kubeconfig ansible/k3s-kubeconfig get nodes` and you should
   see your server.
1. Open the URL that Ansible printed in the end, it looks something like this:

   ```
   http://nginx.192.0.2.13.sslip.io
   ```

   (where `192.0.2.13` is the VM's IP address)

1. You should see the Nginx welcome page. Party!

## Cleaning up

When tearing down the machine, the kubeconfig and token files that was download
does not get deleted unfortunately. To not cause problems the next time you
start, just run `rm ansible/k3s-kubeconfig ansible/k3s-token` and all is well.

Commit message:

README.md: cleanup section now mentions kubeconfig being deleted when destroying the VM

README.md, after:

# cilium_ingress_k3s_vagrant_libvirt_ansibl

Vagrant-libvirt setup that creates a VM with [k3s](https://k3s.io) and
[Cilium](https://cilium.io) as the CNI.

Cilium is also used as the standard ingress controller, i.e. Traefik is not used
in this scenario.

Default OS is openSUSE Leap 15.6, but that can be changed in the Vagrantfile.
Please be aware, that this might break the Ansible provisioning.

## Vagrant

1. You need `vagrant`, obviously. And `git`. And Ansible...
1. Fetch the box, per default this is `opensuse/Leap-15.6.x86_64`, using
   `vagrant box add opensuse/Leap-15.6.x86_64`.
1. Make sure the git submodules are fully working by issuing
   `git submodule init && git submodule update`
1. Run `vagrant up`
1. Run `kubectl --kubeconfig ansible/k3s-kubeconfig get nodes` and you should
   see your server.
1. Open the URL that Ansible printed in the end, it looks something like this:

   ```
   http://nginx.192.0.2.13.sslip.io
   ```

   (where `192.0.2.13` is the VM's IP address)

1. You should see the Nginx welcome page. Party!

## Cleaning up

The VMs can be torn down after playing around using `vagrant destroy`. This will
also remove the kubeconfig file `ansible/k3s-kubeconfig`.
